Update README.md w/ github resolver link (#4679)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: README.md

You can also [connect OpenHands to your local filesystem](https://docs.all-hands.dev/modules/usage/runtimes),
run OpenHands in a scriptable [headless mode](https://docs.all-hands.dev/modules/usage/how-to/headless-mode),
interact with it via a [friendly CLI](https://docs.all-hands.dev/modules/usage/how-to/cli-mode),

> or install it as [a github action](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands-resolver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or run it on tagged issues with [a github action](https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands-resolver).
```
